OK that's great.
Now I have learned a lot of new functionalities.
And in this video we are going to put everything together in order to develop a colored boy tracking
application.
So in this video we're going to take us and any put an image of a board and then we will identify the
board inside the image using color victory.
And then we will detect the contour of the ball drop its location and surrounding it with an inclosing
circuit.
We're going to apply all the knowledge that you have the three sectors and you've all of these applications.
So the algorithm will be as follows.
Now I think you understand the steps we're going to need an image as an image and then we will use color
coding techniques in order to identify the ball by its color in the image.
So we're going to have kind of a mask where the body will be colored in white and everything will be
colored in black and then we will have a bad image that represent the mass.
We will use it as an input to to detection.
So you will find the control for the ball.
And finally when I don't if I do something with the ball and throw the surrounding circle on the ball
let's see how we can implement this in practice.
Let us now consider the code bolt action fight.
So basically we're going to use some of the functions that we have defined in the previous videos of
course.
First of all we need to read the RG image.
OK some way to use the same function using the previous videos and also the second step is to use this
image and filter the color using the lower band color and the upper bunk on that we will want to use
the same lower bound and upper bound that we find more for the yellow color in the color filtering.
OK so filter color is going to return the mask which is a binary image.
So in this particular case we don't need to use any kind of thresholding techniques because the Range
method that we will use here is going to return a binary image with which we call a mask.
The mask will be used as a binary image input for the get go to method which will be using the pipe
contours method of open CD and then generate all the controls.
So after that we will throw the ball control.
We will use the image a binary image and the controls.
So basically it's the same process that we did before.
The only difference here is that we are going to choose a certain area a threshold for which we're going
to draw the control of the detected object.
So we will see that this condition is very important to eliminate some of the small contorted does not
the present yellow tennis ball.
So this is the arboretum that we are going to follow.
First of all we take the name of the image.
We define the yellow lower bound and the upper bound for the color.
So these are basically the same ball that they have explained in the color of interring lecture then
read the image OK.
So we read the image and generate an image then we will generate the binary image masked by applying
the filter coloring technique calling technique is going to take the image and the upper and lower box
and then we generate the binary image mask then we will use these binary image to generate all the contours
and then we will process the contours to draw only the contour.
But so basically we have used most of the functions.
The only difference is that the dimension just we have made here the area of the contour so let us know
exactly what the detection
OK.
So the bomb detection here is going to be applied to tennis ball one image.
So let's see what happens.
Now this is the tennis club.
Now this is the contour of the tennis ball.
The surrounding circle in red and also into something absurd.
Point which you have to hit here.
I did see the two that circle the black image.
OK.
I just think the small circle of radius 5 feet.
So I was minus one to make it to the center point see X Y and the outer circle here.
This is actually the surrounding sliver of the enclosing circle that you have completed its radius here.
So now let's apply the same code so that if we use your very small value of the radius.
OK so what happens.
So this particular image we don't have any problem because it's clear that you have only one yellow
object that is the point.
So let's look at the images.
So I'm not good on the algorithm for the second ball and is Faltu and it matters.
So you can see we are very very small things because you have a lot of yellow to be the colors which
are like being thrown by Fichter.
So they are kind of considered as detected objects and they are not.
So one of the things we can do here to improve is to change the area.
OK.
We want to create a very large area for example here I'm going to use two thousand and you will see
you know we're going to have much better New any unique.
Most of the very small detected objects.
And of course you can see that we have two circles for the symbol because basically this line that comes
in the middle makes it like they are two separate objects.
OK.
So this is one of the problems of interaction is very sensitive to other colors.
What does you know cause it is an object or part of the direction.
Next I can find some object the left and another object that I would get some kind of edge is that that
because it matches the light of the color but of course maybe what we can do.
So who does it is are the different areas have here.
So I mean you can see that in your little nine three thousand five hundred of these one thousand if
you can get 10000 lose his or her on it's.
So you're causing all the great deal of the area is actually on DVD for a film which to another site
that you said that person or image number three is one number here of course here is that because we
don't have any more than thousand maybe because the image is small here we can start by 100 just to
check.
Is it that spending much time of course here you see the scene the picnic the kind of thing that he
is not worth that much.
And maybe mean to you that it to be the separation and the brightness.
You to have a more active section of his project because of the lighting effects.
We can try another image number for five images of his work.
So same thing here.
You can see when you have a big and important and nice separation the mother's love so much in the area
again to avoid having to duplicate and going towards our edges so you can see there are two areas one
thousand or six thousand in this one the biggest
and again only one of the days when it's applied on less.
Even in
course of there is one one so you can change the area.
He's got a so we can see it's possible to use a for it to be together the contradiction of the objects
based on their colors.
But you can see also that the technique is not very robust but you can do the job very complex use cases.
Of course nowadays there are much more sophisticated techniques in computer vision and image processing
and basically rely on the technique of deep learning and neural networks which is able to classify and
detect Cognos different type of images with high accuracy.
Now having competed with both indiction apply on an image you're willing to extend this program to develop
tennis ball tracking application Turcott it needs to apply on the video.
In this case the board is going to soliton shoulder fired expect the output that you need to do.
OK.
So you need to extend the current code in order to develop an application because it comes in this is
very good image.
This is the image we can see here we had been tracking and designe we use the same code so all you need
to do is to read the video stream and then process the frames one by one and everything you need applied.
The point detection algorithm.
So the assignment will do it in two different ways.
The first way you're going to just read a five minute video file using a PC and process it three by
three.
The second part of the assignment you need to read from the file and publish the phrase using an image
stop it and then you subscribe to the topic and process the frames in the same way.
So in the different the second part of the assignment you need to use those notes to make the conversion
of that image format of the city to us and vice versa.
So you have more details about the assignments and some page following these will be.